Joshua
Brazil's captain David Luiz (back centre) led the defence that was incapable of stopping the Germans from scoring four goals in six minutes, starting with Miroslav Klose's (left) strike in the 23rd minute.
Both teams started with attacking play, with Brazilian Marcelo's shot going wide in the third minute and German Sami Khedira's shot in the seventh minute being inadvertently blocked by his teammate Toni Kroos.
In the 11th minute, the Germans scored from their first corner of the game.
Thomas Müller escaped his marker, David Luiz, in the penalty box, and Toni Kroos's delivery found him wide open for the side-footed shot into the net.
In the following minutes Brazil tried to respond but their attacks came to nothing, although Philipp Lahm delivered the tackle to keep Marcelo from setting up the chance in the penalty box.
Instead, in the 23rd minute, Brazil scored again after Kroos and Müller combined to set up Miroslav Klose, who scored on the rebound after his initial shot was saved by goalkeeper Júlio César.
It was Klose's 16th goal at the World Cup, passing Brazilian player Ronaldo as the all-time World Cup top scorer while playing in Brazil.

Klose's goal initiated the flurry of German scoring as Brazil lost control of the game.
In the 24th minute, Kroos scored with the left-footed strike from the edge of the area after Lahm's cross was deflected.
Then, in the 26th minute, just the few seconds after Brazil kicked off, Kroos caught Fernandinho in possession in his own half and played the one-two with Khedira before scoring again.
Kroos' goals came just 69 seconds apart.
Khedira himself scored in the 29th minute after exchanging passes with Mesut Özil.
All five of Brazil's first half goals came within the first half-hour, with four of them coming in one six-minute period.
In contrast, Brazil had no shots on target in the first half.
Many Brazil supporters in the crowd were visibly in shock or reduced to tears, and many would leave the stadium before the second half.
The resulting fights in the Mineirão stands forced the Military Police to send the special forces squad into the stadium.

Brazil's forward Fred is challenged by Brazil's defender Jérôme Boateng.
Fred was heavily criticized for his performance and was booed by Brazilian fans when he was substituted.
Brazil's substitution of Paulinho for Fernandinho and Ramires for Hulk resulted in an improvement in their play after the restart; Brazil goalkeeper Manuel Neuer saved shots in quick succession from Oscar, Paulinho and Fred.
By the 60th minute, though, the Germans came close to scoring again, with Júlio César denying Müller twice.
Another German goal nonetheless came in the 69th minute – Lahm's low cross found substitute André Schürrle, who side-footed the ball into the net from close range.
10 minutes later, Schürrle ran onto Müller's cross from the left and hit the powerful shot over César at the near post.
At this point with the score at 7–0, the remaining home fans gave the Germans the standing ovation, applauding both Schürrle's goal and Brazil's overall performance.
Close to the end, Özil received the through ball but just missed the chance to make it an eighth goal.
Seconds later, Oscar received the long ball and scored in the 90th minute to make it 7–1.
The final score matched Brazil's worst loss (6–0 to Uruguay in 1920) and ended the run of 62 competitive home matches unbeaten for Brazil.
The Brazilian players left the pitch in tears to the chorus of boos and jeers.
Toni Kroos was selected Man of the Match, with three shots, two goals, 93% pass accuracy, one assist and two chances created.
Brazilian striker Fred, who was replaced by Willian in the 70th minute, received the particularly hostile reaction from the home fans.
According to Opta Sports, Fred failed to make the single tackle, cross, run or interception during the match, and actually spent the majority of his time in possession of the ball on the centre spot due to six restarts.
